Post bandit security issues within a github pull request (#3)
snapADDY/actions: bandit-github/README.md

# Bandit github

> Posts [bandit](https://github.com/PyCQA/bandit) security issues within a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Posts [bandit](https://github.com/PyCQA/bandit) security issues as comment in a pull request.
```
